algebra#@#The Super Sports League has 3 sports seasons each year : basketball , football , and baseball . Each team needs to have a specific amount of players on the team during each of the seasons . During basketball season , each team needs 21 players . During football season , each team needs 30 players . During baseball season , each team needs 14 players . Once a new year starts , no new members can be added until the beginning of the next year . What is the smallest amount of members the league can accept if they want to make sure each team will have an equal amount of members during each sports season .
algebra#@#An office manager needs to buy additional staplers , boxes of paper clips , and boxes of binder clips for work . The office manager has been instructed to spend an equivalent amount on each of the 3 items in order to prevent accusations of favoritism or bias on office supply requests . A stapler costs $8 , a box of paper clips costs $5 , and a box of binder clips costs $6 . What is the smallest amount she can spend on staplers to make sure she is able spend an equivalent amount on each on each of the three types of items ? (Hint: Find the LCM )
algebra#@#A navy general has three types of vehicles that need a specific amount of soldiers from the navy general 's division to operate correctly . An aircraft carrier needs 88 soldiers , a submarine needs 32 soldiers , and a battleship needs 84 soldiers . If the navy general wants to make sure that each vehicle will be able to operate with the correct numbers of soldiers with no soldiers left over , what is the least number of soldiers that can be in the navy general 's division ?
algebra#@#The Super Sports League has 3 sports seasons each year : basketball , football , and baseball . Each team needs to have a specific amount of players on the team during each of the seasons . During basketball season , each team needs 14 players . During football season , each team needs 20 players . During baseball season , each team needs 15 players . Once a new year starts , no new members can be added until the beginning of the next year . What is the smallest amount of members the league can accept if they want to make sure each team will have an equal amount of members during each sports season .
algebra#@#A navy general has three types of vehicles that need a specific amount of soldiers from the navy general 's division to operate correctly . An aircraft carrier needs 135 soldiers , a submarine needs 36 soldiers , and a battleship needs 90 soldiers . If the navy general wants to make sure that each vehicle will be able to operate with the correct numbers of soldiers with no soldiers left over , what is the least number of soldiers that can be in the navy general 's division ?
algebra#@#An office manager needs to buy additional staplers , boxes of paper clips , and boxes of binder clips for work . The office manager has been instructed to spend an equivalent amount on each of the 3 items in order to prevent accusations of favoritism or bias on office supply requests . A stapler costs $4 , a box of paper clips costs $10 , and a box of binder clips costs $5 . What is the smallest amount she can spend on staplers to make sure she is able spend an equivalent amount on each on each of the three types of items ? (Hint: Find the LCM )
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 15 hours . The second clock rings every 10 hours . The third clock rings every 7 hours . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ?
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 12 hours . The second clock rings every 15 hours . The third clock rings every 8 hours . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ?
algebra#@#A navy general has three types of vehicles that need a specific amount of soldiers from the navy general 's division to operate correctly . An aircraft carrier needs 45 soldiers , a submarine needs 14 soldiers , and a battleship needs 35 soldiers . If the navy general wants to make sure that each vehicle will be able to operate with the correct numbers of soldiers with no soldiers left over , what is the least number of soldiers that can be in the navy general 's division ?
algebra#@#The Super Sports League has 3 sports seasons each year : basketball , football , and baseball . Each team needs to have a specific amount of players on the team during each of the seasons . During basketball season , each team needs 15 players . During football season , each team needs 25 players . During baseball season , each team needs 20 players . Once a new year starts , no new members can be added until the beginning of the next year . What is the smallest amount of members the league can accept if they want to make sure each team will have an equal amount of members during each sports season .
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 300 minutes . The second clock rings every 180 minutes . The third clock rings every 125 minutes . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ? Give the answer as a mixed number if necessary .
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 135 minutes . The second clock rings every 117 minutes . The third clock rings every 78 minutes . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ? Give the answer as a mixed number if necessary .
algebra#@#An office manager needs to buy additional staplers , boxes of paper clips , and boxes of binder clips for work . The office manager has been instructed to spend an equivalent amount on each of the 3 items in order to prevent accusations of favoritism or bias on office supply requests . A stapler costs $11 , a box of paper clips costs $4 , and a box of binder clips costs $4 . What is the smallest amount she can spend on staplers to make sure she is able spend an equivalent amount on each on each of the three types of items ? (Hint: Find the LCM )
algebra#@#A professor 's class revolves around 3 large group projects . Each project requires a specific number of students in order for the project to work as planned . The first project requires 15 students . The second project requires 18 students . The third project requires 20 students . If the professor wants to make sure that each project will be able to make the correct size of groups with no students left over , what is the least number of students that can be in the class ?
algebra#@#An office manager needs to buy additional staplers , boxes of paper clips , and boxes of binder clips for work . The office manager has been instructed to spend an equivalent amount on each of the 3 items in order to prevent accusations of favoritism or bias on office supply requests . A stapler costs $10 , a box of paper clips costs $5 , and a box of binder clips costs $7 . What is the smallest amount she can spend on staplers to make sure she is able spend an equivalent amount on each on each of the three types of items ? (Hint: Find the LCM )
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 16 hours . The second clock rings every 11 hours . The third clock rings every 18 hours . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ?
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 75 minutes . The second clock rings every 90 minutes . The third clock rings every 100 minutes . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ? Give the answer as a mixed number if necessary .
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 85 minutes . The second clock rings every 102 minutes . The third clock rings every 34 minutes . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ? Give the answer as a mixed number if necessary .
algebra#@#A navy general has three types of vehicles that need a specific amount of soldiers from the navy general 's division to operate correctly . An aircraft carrier needs 76 soldiers , a submarine needs 24 soldiers , and a battleship needs 57 soldiers . If the navy general wants to make sure that each vehicle will be able to operate with the correct numbers of soldiers with no soldiers left over , what is the least number of soldiers that can be in the navy general 's division ?
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 4 hours . The second clock rings every 6 hours . The third clock rings every 9 hours . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ?
algebra#@#A navy general has three types of vehicles that need a specific amount of soldiers from the navy general 's division to operate correctly . An aircraft carrier needs 70 soldiers , a submarine needs 30 soldiers , and a battleship needs 42 soldiers . If the navy general wants to make sure that each vehicle will be able to operate with the correct numbers of soldiers with no soldiers left over , what is the least number of soldiers that can be in the navy general 's division ?
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 5 hours . The second clock rings every 4 hours . The third clock rings every 14 hours . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ?
algebra#@#A professor 's class revolves around 3 large group projects . Each project requires a specific number of students in order for the project to work as planned . The first project requires 3 students . The second project requires 4 students . The third project requires 5 students . If the professor wants to make sure that each project will be able to make the correct size of groups with no students left over , what is the least number of students that can be in the class ?
algebra#@#A professor 's class revolves around 3 large group projects . Each project requires a specific number of students in order for the project to work as planned . The first project requires 13 students . The second project requires 3 students . The third project requires 12 students . If the professor wants to make sure that each project will be able to make the correct size of groups with no students left over , what is the least number of students that can be in the class ?
algebra#@#A professor 's class revolves around 3 large group projects . Each project requires a specific number of students in order for the project to work as planned . The first project requires 12 students . The second project requires 7 students . The third project requires 9 students . If the professor wants to make sure that each project will be able to make the correct size of groups with no students left over , what is the least number of students that can be in the class ?
algebra#@#An office manager needs to buy additional staplers , boxes of paper clips , and boxes of binder clips for work . The office manager has been instructed to spend an equivalent amount on each of the 3 items in order to prevent accusations of favoritism or bias on office supply requests . A stapler costs $18 , a box of paper clips costs $4 , and a box of binder clips costs $8 . What is the smallest amount she can spend on staplers to make sure she is able spend an equivalent amount on each on each of the three types of items ? (Hint: Find the LCM )
algebra#@#The Super Sports League has 3 sports seasons each year : basketball , football , and baseball . Each team needs to have a specific amount of players on the team during each of the seasons . During basketball season , each team needs 21 players . During football season , each team needs 49 players . During baseball season , each team needs 42 players . Once a new year starts , no new members can be added until the beginning of the next year . What is the smallest amount of members the league can accept if they want to make sure each team will have an equal amount of members during each sports season .
algebra#@#Three clocks ring at the same time . The first clock rings every 180 minutes . The second clock rings every 150 minutes . The third clock rings every 220 minutes . What is the least possible amount of hours that can pass until the three clocks ring at the same time again ? Give the answer as a mixed number if necessary .
algebra#@#A professor 's class revolves around 3 large group projects . Each project requires a specific number of students in order for the project to work as planned . The first project requires 9 students . The second project requires 8 students . The third project requires 6 students . If the professor wants to make sure that each project will be able to make the correct size of groups with no students left over , what is the least number of students that can be in the class ?
algebra#@#The Super Sports League has 3 sports seasons each year : basketball , football , and ba seball . Each team needs to have a specific amount of players on the team during each of the seasons . During basketball season , each team needs 27 players . During football season , each team needs 36 players . During baseball season , each team needs 30 players . Once a new year starts , no new members can be added until the beginning of the next year . What is the smallest amount of members the league can accept if they want to make sure each team will have an equal amount of members during each sports season .
